Description (English):

While my first contact with the field was via Udacity nanodegrees and other popular ML online certifications, I quickly found out that this courses often present the field and its algorithms as distinct (and usually unrelated) black boxes with a few specific parameters to optimize in which we barely scratch the surface of its complexity. Eventhough it might be enough knowledge to utilize and even optimize machine learning pipelines via popular open source libraries such as scikit-learn, tensorflow and specially GUI Data Science platforms (like RapidMiner, Alteryx, Knime, etc), I felt that the actuall comprehension of what was going on behind the scene was still in front of me, and the subjective understandment I had about how algorithms works was unconfortable and therefore should be replaced with actuall mathematical comprehension of the models and other extremely important and popular data processing / cleansin / imputation / feature selection tecniques in machine learning.

With this motivation, I decided to document my in-depth studying process of Machine Learning as instructive jupyter notebooks and make it acessible (without commercial purposes) for native portuguese-speakers who are interested in learning the algorithms in a nicer depth but would've struggled to understand highly complex and mathematical content with 95% of the quality content available being written in english, specially as a beginner. Hence, this is intended to be a public repository and will remain so. Right now, its a very early personal project and currently under development in every sence, in it's very early stage. More than 30 jupyter notebooks are expected to de developed, covering pretty much all known - popular classification / regression / dim. reduction / clustering algorithms as well as optimization algorithms, but I decided to already upload the first unfinished notebooks and already create the public repos, which is also convenient for other people who are already interested in it but not necessarily have a Git Hub account.

*The interesting fact is that I was pretty much that guy I described above. I came from a business / digital marketing background, and, although math was always something natural to me, concepts of probability theory, linear algebra and multivariate calculus were a requirement which I did not possess back then, specially considering that my graduation had far bigger focus on big data technologies and data mining / data science pipelines as a whole and not necessarily in algorithm development, so before I could even think about this personal project, a long process of self-teaching math in-depht was necessary (and quite funny actually).
